[theme song starts]
[digital typing and beeping]
♪ Here we are, going far
To save all that we love ♪
♪ If we give all we've got
We will make it through ♪
♪ Here we are, like a star
Shining bright on your world ♪
♪ Today, make evil go away ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, we'll reset it all ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, be there when you call ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, we will stand real tall ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, stronger after all ♪
[digital whirring and beeping]
BRAGGING RIGHTS
[tense music]
-[running footsteps]
-[panting]
[alarm blaring]
-Whoa!
Uh-oh…
[Ulrich] To think, this was supposed
to be a piece of cake!
[narrator] Several hours earlier…
[Jim] I'll say it once more
for those of you who were daydreaming.
One, run up.
Two, jump onto the springboard.
Three, push off of the horse.
Four, pike vault… And five,
land feet together on the mat.
You got that?
No, I didn't get it all, Coach.
So would you mind giving us
a demonstration, Jim?
What's the matter with you, Pichon?
There's nothing to it.
Only a halfwit couldn't manage it.
Hmm…
[clears throat]
One, two, three…
-[Jim screams]
-[crashing]
He got to five without doing four.
-[students laugh]
-[Jim grunts]
[students laughing]
Pichon… Funny, huh?
Let's see what you can do.
[Jim] And don't forget
those five golden rules.
[panting]
[screaming]
-[students laugh]
-[Jim] Hmm.
[laughing]
That horse
oughta be in the rodeo!
Della Robbia, front and center.
It's your turn to fall flat on your face.
[clears throat]
Okay!
[panting]
[whooshing]
[students] Wow!
Hmm…
-[student] Whoa!
-[student 2] Perfect!
[student 3] He's so cool!
Well, how was that?
You're right Jim,
only a halfwit couldn't manage it.
[growls to himself]
[Odd] Perfect! Come on!
I don't believe it.
I do a vault worthy of the Olympics,
and bam! Four hours of detention.
Is that the kind of payoff I deserve?
[Ulrich] Well… Yeah.
[Odd] Huh?
Come on Odd,
the way you spoke to Jim was…
-[Odd] Was what?
-Obnoxious, pretentious…
Pretentious?
No one's more humble than I am.
[Jeremy] Who are you trying to kid?
Your middle name
oughta be "braggart," Odd.
That's for sure. I can't remember even one
day that you didn't sing your own praises.
Hey, that is so wrong.
And I can prove it to you, too!
Okay, I'll bet you a week of desserts
that you can't go 24 hours
without bragging.
You're on.
I know someone who just won himself
some yummy seconds.
Yeah, me.
-Nuh-uh, me!
-No, me.
[Jeremy] Hey, are you guys all through?
Maybe I ought to remind you
that we're supposed to be blowing up
-XANA's Supercomputer tonight after class.
-In the jungle?
You mean we're going back
already?
That's right, and we don't think
it'll be a problem.
[Aelita] Odd knocked out the energy
field protecting it last time.
And once again, where mere mortals
would have failed,
Odd demonstrates his great…
Um, modesty and humility…
So thanks to our non-bragging hero,
it's gonna be a piece of cake.
[theme music]
[action music]
[grunting]
[panting]
[moaning]
-[grunting]
-[screeching]
[hatch squeaking]
[panting]
-[Jeremy grunts]
-[Odd grunts]
[Yumi grunts]
[Yumi howls]
-[Ulrich grunts]
-[Aelita grunts]
[mechanical whirring]
[rumbling]
[roaring]
[brakes screeching]
[footsteps]
-[electrical whirring]
-[mechanical screeching]
[swooshing]
[Jeremy] I'm entering the coordinates
of the Replika.
[blast]
[Jeremy] Holoweb system connected.
You should be able to see it now.
I've got it on radar.
[Aelita through computer] Affirmative.
Skid in position in front of the entrance.
Digital Key engaged.
-[electrical whirring]
-[beam charging]
[computer beeping]
[beam blasting]
[metallic squeaking]
[mechanical screeching]
[echoing]
[blast]
[swooshing]
[Aelita] Tower in sight, Jeremy.
[Aelita through computer] Docking.
[blast]
[Jeremy] Gotcha. I'm activating
the tower for us.
[electrical whirring]
-Are you ready?
-[electrical whirring]
[Ulrich through intercom] Ready.
-[Jeremy] Teleportation Ulrich!
-[buzzing]
-[Jeremy] Teleportation Yumi!
-[electrical crackling]
[both grunts]
You're the greatest, Jeremy. It worked!
Your teleportation is pretty accurate.
[Yumi] We're in the middle of the lab.
Cut the flattery guys,
before it goes to my head… Like Odd.
[Odd] I do not have a swelled head!
That being said,
considering
my extraordinary exploits last time,
I don't see why I wasn't teleported over!
[Aelita] Gotta give everyone a chance
to have fun, Odd.
And if the only dessert you want
to eat for a week is humble pie,
just keep it up.
[sighs]
Okay Jeremy, which way is it?
Head east. You'll go through a door.
Then go straight
and a little further on, at your left,
you should see the door
to the Supercomputer room.
[Ulrich] Got it. We're on it!
[computer beeping]
[panting]
-[Ulrich] Huh?
-[Yumi] Huh?
Bingo.
Great, all you've gotta do now
is open the door
and trash the Supercomputer.
We told you this would be no problem.
[blipping]
[alarm buzzing]
Jeremy, why can't I get the door open?
[Jeremy] Oh right, the last time,
Aelita used her digital power to open it.
[alarm buzzing]
[Jeremy] Hang on.
I'll figure out something.
Let me handle this.
-[Jeremy] Uh, Ulrich… Wait!
-[glass shattering]
-[digital crashing]
-Too late.
Great. Now the panel's dead
and the door is still locked.
What an idiot! I said to wait, Ulrich!
[Ulrich] You should've said it sooner.
-What do we do now?
-[grunts]
[Jeremy] Hold on.
[computer blipping]
[Jeremy] Ah, I've got an idea!
You guys have to cut
the power to the door's electromagnetic
locking mechanism.
You know where the generator is?
-[Jeremy] Yeah, I'll guide you there.
-I'll stay here.
As soon as it opens, I'll go in
and get rid of the Supercomputer.
[Jeremy] Ulrich, turn around and go back
to the first intersection.
Then, take the corridor on the right.
[Ulrich] I'm on my way, Einstein.
[theme music]
Jeremy, can you hear us?
Everything okay?
[Jeremy] Uh… Just a little problem.
No sweat. Everything's cool.
Are you sure? Because I'd love
to go and help Ulrich and Yumi.
Modestly, of course.
[Jeremy] Sorry Odd, but you've got
your work cut out for you already.
I just spotted an activated tower.
[Aelita] We're on it, Jeremy.
[Aelita through intercom]
Get ready to disembark, Odd.
Disembark!
[electrical whirring and crackling]
[buzzing]
Einstein, could you send us a…
[Aelita] What were you saying, Odd?
-Uh, nothing. Thanks.
-[Aelita] Uh-oh…
It looks like we've got
a little problem here, too.
[sinister music]
[computer bleeps and beeps]
[Jeremy] I see William and three Hornets!
[whooshing]
[Aelita] Jeremy,
should Odd stay here and fight them off,
while I deactivate the tower?
[Jeremy] No, the tower's too far away
and Odd could never handle them alone.
Four hornets and Sir William the Lowlife?
Four Laser arrows and it's game over.
-Odd? Forget your bet?
-[Odd laughs nervously]
That isn't bragging,
it's the simple truth.
-[panting]
-[wings buzzing]
[laser blasting]
-[Odd] Shield!
-[lasers blasting]
-You see? Lucky for us I was here.
-[sighs]
Listen, it's easy.
Just hold off William long enough
for Ulrich to neutralize the generator.
It'll only take a few minutes.
[Odd] No problem.
-[zooming]
-[whooshing]
[monitor beeping]
[computer blipping]
Ulrich, do you read me? Where are you?
[Ulrich] In front of the generator.
That's great. Tell me how it looks.
Well…
It's this huge machine
with a bunch
of flashing thingamajigs all over it.
[Jeremy laughs] Okay.
Now, just neutralize the commutator
that powers the lab doors.
-The commu what?
-[Jeremy] The button!
Do you see a little red button?
[Ulrich] There's not just one.
There are millions of them!
This thing's lit up
like a pinball machine.
[Jeremy] Just proceed by elimination.
No, I'm gonna do this my way.
Your way, huh, Ulrich?
Like smashing up the generator
with your saber
and short-circuiting the Supercomputer?
[Ulrich] You guessed it.
Uh… Give me a minute to think it over.
[action music]
-[wings buzzing]
-[panting]
[swooshing]
[Odd] This way, kiddies!
-[swooshing]
-[wings buzzing]
[intermittent swishing]
[glass shattering]
[action music]
Hmm?
-[swishing]
-[whooshing]
-[swooshing]
-[wings buzzing]
[wings buzzing]
Laser arrow!
-[explosion]
-[wings buzzing]
-[laser blasting]
-[Odd grunts]
-[lasers blasting]
[Odd screaming] Laser arrow!
-[laser blasting]
-[Odd grunts]
If I tell them this,
they'll say I'm bragging again.
[swooshing]
-[Yumi] Hmm?
-[tense music]
-[glass shattering]
-[Yumi]Huh?
[doors hissing]
[tense music]
[Yumi] Jeremy, remind me
of what there is in a vivarium.
[Jeremy] Cybernetic spiders.
Hmm…
[spider chirping]
[gasps]
[mechanical footsteps]
You guys are ugly!
[screams]
-[screams and grunts]
-[crashing]
-[grunts]
-[mechanical footsteps]
-[mechanical screeching]
-[yells]
[Yumi grunts]
-[Yumi howls]
-[electrical whirring]
[Yumi grunts]
I've had enough of your cyber-spider web!
[Yumi] Jeremy, those cyber-spiders
are being controlled by XANA
and they're just behind me!
Not for long. The Supercomputer should be
off-line in just a couple of seconds.
Ulrich, your idea isn't big on finesse,
but it should work.
-Do it.
-[Ulrich] Okay.
[grunting]
-[electrical crackling and crashing]
-[yelps]
-[Ulrich] Hmm.
-[machine powering down]
[electrical crackling]
[grunting and panting]
-[screaming]
-[mechanical footsteps]
Hey, Jeremy!
Whenever you want for that short circuit!
[moans]
Right now!
-[metallic clanging]
-[sighs]
[theme music]
-[swooshing]
-[wings buzzing]
Huh?
Where'd it go?
Wow, even my looks blow them away!
Jeremy, what's happening?
-[Jeremy] We did it.
-Already?
[Aelita] Energy field!
-[both grunting]
-[sword swishing]
[Aelita grunts]
-[William grunts]
-[Jeremy] Aelita,
the Replika is disappearing.
Better get airborne!
[William screams]
-[swooshing]
-[Odd grunts]
[Odd] That was what
you call a real "swan song" dive.
I told you this'd be a piece of cake.
You can head for the Skid now.
Your mission's over, guys.
[Jeremy] Are you ready, Ulrich?
I'm teleporting you back.
-[Ulrich grunts]
-[beeping]
-Hold on. I think something's up.
-[Jeremy] What?
The power's back on.
-[alarm blaring]
-[electrical buzzing]
-[machine powering up]
[electrical crackling]
-[Aelita gasps]
-[Odd grunts]
Uh, Jeremy? Is the Replika
supposed to be regenerating?
No, it's not supposed to.
Ulrich, there's gotta be
a backup generator somewhere.
[Ulrich] No kidding!
Even I could've figured that out.
Only, where is it?
[Jeremy] How do I know?
I'm looking for it.
[Ulrich] Better hurry up.
I'm going back to Yumi.
Jeremy, how come
you haven't teleported me back yet?
And what's that alarm?
[Jeremy] Oh, just a little hang-up.
Nothing important.
-[moans]
-[mechanical footsteps]
[Yumi] I see!
-[Yumi screams]
-[Ulrich] Not so fast!
-[explosion]
-[electrical crackling]
Come on!
-[Yumi grunts]
-[mechanical footsteps]
-[alarm blaring]
-[panting]
Well, Jeremy, where is
this backup generator?
-[Jeremy] I still can't find it!
-[computer blipping]
[Ulrich] Better take care of
those spiders before they take care of us!
[Jeremy]
Aelita, you have to deactivate the tower.
Odd, you stay and protect the Skid.
Oh, no! Why do I have to stay
while everyone else is having fun?
-[Aelita] Odd…
-What?
I wasn't bragging.
[menacing music]
[relieved groan]
[Odd] Great.
Somebody just showed up
and he wants to play with me.
Go on, Aelita!
-[swooshing]
-[Aelita grunts]
-[Odd grunts]
-[William panting]
Feel like playing tag?
-[grunting]
-[heavy thud]
[tense music]
[panting]
[alarm blaring]
[both panting]
-[Ulrich] Whoa!
-[Yumi] Oh!
Oh, no!
[Yumi gasps]
To think this was supposed to be
a piece of cake.
Aelita, better hurry!
Ulrich and Yumi are in a huge jam!
I'm doing what I can!
[heavy breathing]
I still got a ways to go!
[tense music]
[alarm blaring]
[William grunts]
For XANA!
[heavy thud]
[grunts]
[Odd] For me!
-Gotcha!
-[William screams]
Stings, doesn't it?
[grunts]
Super smoke!
Laser arrow!
[laser blasting]
[both grunting]
-[grunting]
-[sword swishing]
[both scream]
[whistles and grunts]
[gasps]
Laser arrow!
[William screams]
[sighs]
[computer beeps]
Odd, did you just blow William away
by yourself?
-[Odd] Yep.
-No boasting?
[Odd] What do you think I am, a braggart?
-Hmm…
-[computer blipping]
Yumi and Ulrich, I just located
the auxiliary generator!
-[electricity crackling]
-[alarm blaring]
Thanks, but it's a little too late.
[both screaming]
[screaming] Yumi! Ulrich!
Jeremy, you there?
What happened to the two lovebirds?
[Odd] Hmm… Interesting.
I get it. They knock each other out.
Well Jeremy, we kinda blew our mission,
didn't we?
Not at all.
I found the auxiliary generator,
but the problem is there isn't
anyone around to take it out.
[Odd] I don't wanna seem pretentious,
but there's me.
[Jeremy] Okay, get back into the Skid.
I'll teleport you.
[Odd] Roger, but once I succeed,
don't say I did it just to show off.
I'm ready to go, Jeremy.
[Jeremy] I read you.
Teleportation Odd!
[electrical buzzing]
[Odd grunts]
[tense music]
-What now?
-Get out of the lab
and watch out for spiders.
[Odd] I can't see any hairy legs yet!
[computer blipping]
Well, I can, Odd.
[computer beeping]
-[screeching]
-[mechanical roaring]
[theme music]
Ulrich, Yumi,
you gotta get up and fast, too.
If the Skid goes, so do you. Get up!
[laser blasting]
[laser blasting and exploding]
[Odd] Jeremy, I'm out of the lab.
Which way now?
[Jeremy] Go left. You should run
right into the auxiliary generator.
[panting]
Huh? Uh-oh!
That generator's a really popular spot,
isn't it?
-[Jeremy] Why?
-Because it looks like
there's a full house.
[spiders chirping]
[Jeremy] Aelita,
you have to deactivate
that tower right away!
-[Aelita] Almost there.
-[swooshing]
Just a few seconds more.
[wings buzzing]
[Aelita] Oh no!
[laser blasting]
[screaming and moaning]
-[explosion]
-[Aelita grunts]
[gasps]
-[laser blasting]
-[grunts and screams]
[sighs frustrated]
[computer blipping]
Odd…
I don't believe it… Let me guess.
I'm on my own from now on, right?
[Jeremy] Sorry about that…
Better make it fast too,
or else we can say goodbye
to the Skid, Ulrich and Yumi for good!
-[electrical whirring]
-[laser blasting]
[Jeremy] Okay, Odd, it's now or never.
Geronimo!
-[screaming] Laser arrow!
-[panting]
-[Odd grunts]
-[mechanical crashing]
[Odd panting]
[Odd grunts]
[screams]
[laser blasting]
[howls and grunts]
Hi there.
[Odd grunts]
Jeremy, I need ammunition!
Hang on a second.
I'm reloading you now.
[computer blipping and beeping]
[Jeremy] Okay, you're all set.
[nods]
[panting]
-[whooshing]
-[grunts]
[Odd] Laser arrow!
Yes!
[mechanical footsteps]
[electrical crackling]
How's that for a pike vault?
Odd, you've got just one arrow left.
So take good aim.
One arrow is all I need!
-[explosion]
-[electrical crackling]
Huh?
-[electrical buzzing]
-[explosion]
-[Odd screams]
-[crashing]
Can't say I didn't aim well.
[electrical crackling]
De-teleportation Odd.
-[laser blasting]
-[explosions]
[grunts]
Hey, nice place you've got here, Aelita.
[gasps]
What's… going on?
Nothing. Things are cool.
Go back to sleep.
[rumbling and crackling]
[explosion]
[computer blipping]
You can come back, Odd. It's over!
-[electrical crackling]
-[triumphal music]
[Skid swooshing]
[echoing]
-[mechanical creaking]
-[swooshing]
[explosions]
[computer blipping]
-[sighs]
-You were right, you know.
You couldn't have asked
for an easier mission.
[theme music]
[light music]
He took out both William
and the Supercomputer on his own?
That's crazy!
What's crazier is that he hasn't bragged
about it even once!
That's weird.
[Jeremy] Who knows? Maybe he's changed.
[Ulrich] You mean
he's suddenly become humble?
[Jeremy] Miracles happen.
He might have become
a sensible, responsible kid.
[Odd yelling] Yee-ha!
Forty point one seconds flat!
You are now looking
at the new world record holder
for the fastest shower! How cool is that?
[Odd] Gimme an "O"!
Gimme a "D"!
Gimme another "D"!
Who's the man of the cen-tu-ry?
It's Odd!
And you're handsome, too.
Oh, I love it
when you break records like that!
-Odd…
-Yeah, right, no problem.
You can have my desserts!
[grunting]
[sighs]
And you don't even care?
I guess I gotta face facts. Yes,
I'm a braggart and I love it that way!
Svelte, but muscular, don't you think?
[theme music]